Sheikh Hasnain


When I first saw the trailer I was very much excited to see the film as the starcast it has is powerhouse of talent and glamour both.


The movie is composed of four short stories as follows:
1) Majnu- Jaideep Ahlawat's characterization is big disappointment...the story itself is never gripping enough, though I felt it had all the ingredients but the the proportions were not right. 
*1 out of 5*


2) Khilauna- Nushrat's potrayal of househelp is not real, on the other hand Abhishek Banerjee looked the part every inch...the plot is very predictive and even the end never came as a shock to me which it was supposed to be. 
*1.5 out of 5*


3) Geeli Pucchi- Here onwards the movie starts getting better, both the lead characters are spot on, one can appreciate the brilliance of Konkana Sen Sharma as well as Aditi Rao Hydari played her part with grace. The plot was very good and the subtle use of societal differences that still exists in the world were upto the mark.
*3.5 out of 5*


4) Ankahi- This is the Best one.
Shefali Shah and Manav Kaul are brilliant in this, The story is fresh and it feels light but it isn't. The complexity of life is shown in such a wonderful way that you will overlook some unreal things very easily like someone willingly refusing to hear, but the end guarantees that the heartbreak of Manav Kaul's character will straighten his mind for real😅
*4 out of 5*


Overall 2.5 out of 5 for Ajeeb Dastaans 
Note: If you are cinema lover just skip the first two stories😉
Myaaao


Pranith Menon


Yet again another anthology of four twisted short stories under the production of Karan Johar and Apoorva Mehta dwelling about revenge, love, entitlement, jealousy in span of 2 hours plus minutes . Every story ends in a shocking revelation which itself is enough to watch these set of movies.


1. Majnu - Shashank Khaitan (Director): A wedding carried out just as business arrangement in a large mansion puts the girl in a state with no marital happiness where she meets a guy with mystery around him. 


Fatima Sana Shaikh gives a nuanced performance and she has never looked this beautiful before in any other movie. Jaideep Ahlawat gets to play a role quite different from his usual style and he aced in last few minutes. Armaan Ralhan, the  new kid in the block is here to stay and he gets his act right. Shashank Khaitan has done a good job of presenting a story in interesting manner which holds your interest right from start to end. 


2. Khilauna - Raj Mehta (Director): A story about cunning manipulative maid is embroiled in trouble. The story is stitched in a way that the mystery is well managed and you keep your guessing hat on.


Nushrat Bharucha does a decent job as maid. Abhishek Banerjee is good but seems repetitive from other movies of his. The climax gives you chill down your spine but the way how they showed the possibility of crime carried out is next to impossible. 


3. Geeli Pucchi - Neeraj Ghaywan (Director): A tale of friendship between two factory worker and how they learn about each other frames the story.


Konkona Sen Sharma as rough and tough tomboy character has literally just nailed it. Even the way she has captured the mannerisms makes your believe in her talent even more. Aditi Rao Hydari as simple housewife is adorable and plays her part equally well that you can't take your eyes off her. The camaraderie between leads is sight to behold but climax is heartbreaking.


4. Ankahi - Kayoze Irani (Director): It is one of the most matured story among the lot which depicts story of deaf and dumb guy and a married woman.


The story does evoke right emotion and credits has to be given to the leads. Shefali Shah is one of the most underrated actress and with this movie too she is just mere perfection. Manav Kaul is equally good in his part. If there is anything to be complaint about then it's ending which seemed forced to just to fall under the same category of other story or movie title.


Do watch this movie and I would highly recommend it as every story has its own charm and it is tight knit movie in totality. #pranureviews #ajeebdaastans #ajeebdasstansreview
Myaaao.


Raghu Kulkarni


Much has been said about the Neeraj Ghaywan episode GEELI PUCHI starring Konkona and Aditi Rao Hydari. As always Neeraj deals with caste politics as it impacts present day India even today and he throws in a twist with gender based complications and love thereof! Konkona's work on this character, whether entirely directed by Neeraj or some of her own doing is brilliantly observed. From her purposeful walk, not to be confused with the more sensual gait, to her hardened look at everything around her, she projects the absolute determination of someone out to make the best of whats available to her given the circumstances. Her most tender moments are on display with the stray that she feeds and has for a pet, profusing affection as though it were her own, at once chiding and showering it with what it needs. If there was a metaphor for fulfillment of give and take without judgement, then this should be it!! It is one of the most underrated scenes of the short. The plot is strong, the performances lovely, Aditi Rao Hydari providing the delicate and easily hurt vulnerability. Another player that really puts in an outstanding performance in however short a role is the actor playing Aditi's husband. The character's endearing love for his wife, just comes through beautifully. 


However the last episode ANKAHI is what stays with you a long time. Its a world of privilege all around and the issues the characters grapple with may seem superfluous, but they are real too. Shefali Shah and Manav Kaul's silences say much more than the spoken dialogues by the rest of the characters. Manav Kaul in particular is especially lovable. He has realised that hearing people speak is futile 'cause more often than not they lie when talking. He prefers to read minds through their eyes and it is just a heartbreaking moment when he rues the fact that he was taken in even by that one trait of his which he thought was dependable!!


While the first episode is nice as a revenge tale, it is a little more masaala in its approach. Its skillfully done, with actors putting in their best. The loneliness and desire of the Madam Bouvary like character that Fatima Sana Shaikh plays and her thug husband who cant give her what she needs played by Jaideep Ahlawat is delicious in parts. 


The weakest episode is KHILAUNA. The domestic servant character Meenal played by Nushrat Bharucha is completely miscast though she tries valiantly and the rest of the happenings a bit too laborious in trying to shock, more than anything else. The construct is worked hard at of course, but just fails to sit in the end.


Overall very watchable for three out of four with one very easily avoided!
Myaaao.


biswaprasun chatterji


The pairing of porcelain beauty Aditi Rao Hydari and the no nonsense rough and tough Kankana SenSharma was fabulous mix of odds whose chasm of caste and status can never be bridged. Geeli Pucchi with a hint of lesbianism is a subtle story of revenge too when in the end Kankana replaces Aditi in job by giving her advice to be stay at home mother. I found the use of Kankana's flat for lovemaking by Aditi and her husband an allusion to 36 Chowringhee Lane, a film made by Kankana's mother Aparna Sen. Neeraj Gyaywan never fails to bring reality of caste divide in his films post Masaan.


Shefali Shah and Manav Kaul spoke the language of heart by sign language and I loved the way they were falling for each other. The use of music/sound was thoughtful in this film where we have to focus more on deafness and sign language as evocation of feelings. A  heart touching film with a memorable ending where Shefali Shah realizes she cannot cheat and her slowly-becoming-deaf daughter realizes her mother finally found love which cannot continue.


Khilona is a little unconvincing particularly how a little child will put another in a pressure cooker and put him burn to death is questionable. But  Nusrat Bharucha and Abhishek Banerjee were fabulous portraying the class difference that is so visible in our society. Nusrat used her charm to bring electricity back to their slum and Abhisek is getting typecast now into a similar kind of rustic bhaiya role.


The first movie is the weakest in the anthology. Fatima Sana Shaikh and Jaydeep Ahlawat had nothing much to do whereas a predictable revenge drama is enacted in the hinterland of North India.


Overall, the 4 films are about love, revenge, jealousy and heartbreak. Quite engaging for the viewer. Thanks to Netflix and Karan Johar that they  understood OTT is here to stay and likes of Kuch Kuch Hota Hai is no longer appealing. Taste of Indian audience has changed and Bollywood has woken up to that reality.
Myaaao.


Swikriti Bag


After watching the trailer, I got interested in the film. But after reading the reviews  and rating, I was a bit disappointed.But trust me, when  I watched the film, I think every story is very well written, the acting is good, even the director represent it very well.
Specially the last story "Ankahi".
Sefali saha and Manav Kaul's acting was awesome.the last part Manav's eyes reveal his inner pain. The acting in that part was the best in the entire film.its so heart touching.




But you know,in my personal opinion that the GEELI PUCHI was best in rest of the story.kankana's dialog, her acting was very powerfull. Only her eyes explained a lot, his anger, his pain, his failure, his jealousy.superb. The story is also great. Maybe those who are victims of the cast system can relate to it. This is shown in many stories and films but the unique thing about this story is that Kankana (as a Dalit) comes out of that situation. Very beautifully shown.in that situation her eyes was........I have no words to describe.
PIease go and watch, would definitely recommend to watching it.👏👏
Myaaao.


Arnab Dutta


All the stars that I gave is for the 3rd and 4th story. The one it had Konkona Sen and Aditi Rao, was undoubtedly the best to me. Konkona just stole the show with her perfect performance and Aditi was just how one expects from her, subtle, beautiful and simple. I also liked the one that had Shefali Shah in it. Liked the story it brought and Manav Kaul was as usual, brilliant and so was Tota Roy Chowdhury, who focused on playing his character. Though the other two stories had fine and promising actors like Jaideep Ahlawat, Abhishek Bannerjee and Nusrat Bharucha, yet I am not sure what failed to bring the best from them whether, the story or the directing staff. Yet, if you want to enjoy the show and really feel the flavor, just skip to the 3rd and 4th. I would recommend to see the 3rd story in the end since, it is the best and you can't ruin that by watching something else afterwards. Happy Watching...
Myaaao.


Titiksha Dash


I don't know what is making people give this low ratings, but, if you are a fan of conventional, predictable, happy endings, then walk away, this is NOT the movie for you. 


Coming to the plot, it is beautifully scripted and actors have been chosen perfectly, Nushrat ne thoda overacting kiya, but overall, she was good. Each story had a twist or a turning point that would keep you on the edge of your seat. There wasn't a single dull moment there. The last story might feel a little slow to some people, but, wait for the end, that heartbreaking yet satisfying message will definitely blow your mind.
Myaaao.


Sourendra K Basu


4 Stories directed by 4 directors in their own way. But I must say I found a very good storyline in all four shorts with a remarkable and stunning twist at the end of every story. All the female leads have given their terrific performances but Konkona Sensharma, Nushrat Bharucha, and Shefali Shah deserve special mention. Manab Kaul again proved his efficacy and definitely the best among all-male leads. 


So far direction is concerned when we are getting some massive examples and superfine effects in Indian web series this film doesn't carry any directorial magic.
Myaaao.


priya pathivada


Shall I praise it or abuse this film ? 
I praise the actor's who justified their roles mainly last two stories characters. Music was pretty decent every character has justify their role in whole movie . Why do I abuse this film . My first point is now a days indian movies are just adding sex scenes to some good stories at unwanted time and a good story doesn't need sex scenes to get praised or get good collections. My next point is according to me first story was designed good climax was also okay but few characters lack their performance but story was routine. Second story was good but the climax hit my nerve like seriously a small child who can cook clean can abuse even so she can do such things just by telling it is a toy. Are clarify tho karo kaise kiya usne kyu kiya etc. Third story was pretty good decent and climax has a tiny twist which I like it and felt bad at same time. Fourth story it started with peace , with speaking single word in many scenes actors delivered great performance . But same time that climax was really bad pissed me off
Myaaao


ANJALI SINGH


Ajeeb Daastaans is literally Ajeeb. It's an interesting film of series of four short films Majnu, Khilauna, Geeli Pucchi and Ankahi. Fraud, Tragedy, Manipulative Revenge and Love sums up to these films respectively. 
The characters are interesting, story and narration is unique that every film can be made a featured film.
MAJNU: Jaydeep Ahlawat was rock solid handsome throughout with his acting and looks. Fatima Sana Sheikh was different; this was her second best performance on screen after Dangal. Armaan Ralhan was good. 
KHILAUNA: Nushrat Bharucha, Abhishek Banerjee and Inayat Verma nailed it, their character was strong and given justice.
GEELI PUCCHI: You can just imagine to watch a cast of Konkana Sen Sharma and Aditi Rao Hydari, they are so beautiful with their craft. 
ANKAHI: Manav Kaul was impressive along with Shefali Shah. Their story was out of the box in a cluster of shock yet ends up on a sad note. 


Overall
Strong Acting & Casting • Good Direction & Narration • Story & Screenplay • Unique and Interesting blend of stories • A good watch
Myaaao.


Anshita Arora


How does one not rate this compilation 5 stars?! People are weird. It's 3 am & I bet i'll meet a few of these characters again after I slip into my dreams tonight. 
These tales act as windows into the lives of a few certain people (more like strangers). We as audience don't intrude into their personal space, we're just onlookers - peeping into their perfectly ordinary lives. It's true when they say - we all have have a story to tell, some secrets we take to our graves, some dreams that take a little longer, some realities that need us to be wide awake - this last one here is what these films focus on but surely keep in mind the rest of them too. But the best thing of all is that they were so beautifully balanced. Yes yes yes. They showed us enough. Afterall, we're just looking at maybe one chapter? in their lives? Just about perfect right? Each one of them! No biases. You'll manage to lie with your eyes - this line holds true for all these films. Yasssss! Sexuality | class | caste divide | revenge | the voids we fill with the first best thing that comes along and *taping my mouth here* Go read those chapters on your own, from inside your own safe homes. *grins*
But hold on - I need to download all, & I mean ALL of the tracks played in these films! Sigh. Tomorrow maybe. Goodnight!
Myaaao.


S D


I really liked this compilation. All four stories were good enough for a weekend watch. Majnu might have been the most underwhelming of the lot but the twists were worth it. Khilauna was chilling, even the music gave me goosebumps! Konkona Sen Sharma's acting (one of my favourite Indian actors of all time) made Geeli Pucchi really riveting and I loved her comeback! Ankahi was intense. Well, no surprises there thanks to really good actors like Shefali Chhaya.
Overall, a great watch! Don't know what some of the critics out there are cribbing about. ;)
Myaaao.


Anindita Das


Netflix's new #AjeebDaastaans gears up to shock you with all its unpredictable narratives.
What remained constant through the narrative was of the feeling of despondency.


Every single filmmaker and writer pushes the boundaries of familiar concepts, refusing to settle for anything but originality and every single actor elevates the script to a whole new level.


Neeraj Ghaywan's #Geeli_Pucchi had the most layered characters.
Kudos to Ghaywan for brilliantly compiling them altogether in this approx 40 minutes short. 
The pairing of porcelain beauty Aditi Rao Hydari and Kankana Sen Sharma was fabulous mix of odds.
Konkona’s eyes speak louder than words, and all her close ups do complete justice to that.


A perfect sunday watch! 🙂
Myaaao.


Sruti Misra


Movie: Ajeeb Daastaans
IMDb: 6.6/10


"Ajeeb Daastaans" is a drama anthology movie which was released yesterday. It consists of four different short films. The stories revolve around some fractured relationships and represent love, lust, revenge, economic disparity, casteism, homosexuality, patriarchy etc.


The cast is huge. Jaideep Ahlawat, Fatima Sana Sheikh, Nushrat Barucha, Abhishek Banerjee, Aditi Rao Hydari, Konkona Sen Sharma, Manav Kaul and Shefali Shah everyone is there. 
 


1) Majnu- This is the first short film starring Jaideep, Fatima and Armaan Ralhan directed by  Shashank Khaitan. The story is lacking somewhere. We have seen similar stories like this in web series and movies previously. Armaan's performance is slightly promising.


Rating: 2.5/5


 2) Khilauna- This is the second short film starring Abhishek, Nushrat and Inayat directed by Raj Mehta. Nushrat delivers out of the box performance which is not expected from her at all. Abhishek is there but we've already seen his work. If you compare this film to his previous performances, you will see the difference. He could have been performed better. Do you remember Inayat Verma from "Ludo"? She's killing here with her amazing performance. The film represents economic and social disparity but the climax seems so unreal. Though there's a dark touch to the story, it's not well executed.


Rating: 3/5


3) Geeli Pucchi- The third film is directed by Neeraj Ghaywan starring Konkona and Aditi. The pair is amazing. The real issues of society are beautifully addressed here. Direction is amazing. This is a must watch among the four short films. Konkona's performance is gonna blown you away. 


Rating: 5/5 (Highly Recommended)


4) Ankahi- The fourth and the last one is directed by Kaoyze Irani starring Shefali, Manav. Tota Roy Chowdhury is also there. he has a limited screen time but he did his part really well. Shefali Shah looks very stunning. Manav Kaul is going to be my new crush. I just loved the way how he expresses his feelings through sign languages. There's barely any conversation in this film. Shefali and Manav mostly communicate through their eyes and sign languages. This is my second favourite. 


Rating: 4.7/5


All over, "Ajeeb Daastaans" is a well written anthology film. The first two stories are for one time watch but I would highly recommend the third and fourth one.
Myaaao.


mahbuba akhtar


Overall a good effort. I was a little surprised, then again, not so surprised to see Karan Johar as the producer.


The first story was kind of over the top, predictable even, at times. Almost from the start it was obvious that the protagonist had some ulterior motive of taking that job so readily. I almost guessed the two big "secrets" of the plot, one being the rich dude's homosexuality, the second - the motive of the newcomer, to scam Babloo. Overall, predictable. Acting from both Sana Shaikh and the handsome newcomer (don't know his name), were pretty underwhelming.
I give the first story 2 out of 5.


The second story was okay. Although, the fact that the kid was "guilty" was predictable as well, if you are an attentive viewer. Although, the class conflict was a good point and quite thought provoking. The kid's explanation for such a heinous crime was a bit lame. A kid of that social class and upbringing (who also happens to be smart) would most probably know better than to cook a rich man's baby, whose family is clearly is the benefactor of her sister. For this reason, the ending seemed purely written for shock value. However, the acting was good.
I give it 3.5 out of 5.


The third story has the most mature story-telling of all. The acting is on point, so is the portrayal of the modern day classist society. The ending is somewhat poignant, but very believable. Konkona did wonderful and almost overshadowed the other actor/actresses.
I give it a 5 out of 5.


The fourth story had good potential, but somewhere the writer probably lost grip of the story. The photographer was a good character, who, however was too gullible to be true. I mean come on, a woman of that age and situation, you know would not want to leave her family behind for romance. The daughter was weird too, asking her mother if she loved that man, instead of being confused that her mother would think of cheating on her dad. Or may be teenagers these days are different than what we used to be... I don't know, couldn't relate to her.
I give this a 3 out of 5.
Myaaao.


Shrishty Singh


After watching this film, I was stunned that how beautifully they had captured the essence of all the stories and tried to showcase it on the screen. My personal favorite would be "Aankhein" as I loved Shefali Shah and Manav Kaul's acting. It aches my heart that how you can feel loved by that stranger who you have just met. I felt terrible in the last scene where he confesses his love for her and he knew her answer but still he couldn't wrap his head around it and she loves him as well, but the condition is demanding something else for them. Only a moment of grief and pain is left between them with a bundle of mixed emotions and memories.
Myaaao.


Tav P


Overall, it was an engaging movie. Art is not just about creativity, it must also be a responsible piece that is put out into the world. And in this movie, there were many ups and downs on this feeling. Here are my thoughts on each of the stories:


1. Majnu: 1/5 It had a weak storyline, seemed like it was a novice piece of writing that just didn’t work for me. The acting was decent, but not the best I’ve seen from these actors. 


2. Khilauna: 3.5/5 gave me scary chills at the end. There was a killer in an innocent body, it was not expected. 


3. Geeli Pucchi: 3.5/5 The storyline was good, sadly shows the reality of how the social caste systems have a big impact on the lives of many people. Clever ending, good overall. 


4. Ankahi: 2/5 Absolutely loved the acting! Moviemaking wise, it was good storytelling as well. BUT the only reason I would give this a 2-star rating is for promoting this idea that fights/arguments in a marriage means ‘no love’. The child saying to her mum that dad doesn’t love her, was messed up! In a real world society, do we really see our parents showing affection to each other 100% of the time? NO. Fights happen where there is care and love. Instead of teaching the true meaning of love, companionship, honesty and respect in a marriage, there is this sh** concept of giving up so easily on a relationship that needs to be slightly worked on. In this story, the lady just goes and sleeps with another guy - not something I would want to be normalized in the society (both for females or males). There are enough stupid or immature people out there who would try to make their life a Bollywood movie and get inspired/get wrong ideas from such stories. AND THEN PEOPLE SAY THEY WANT THE 1900s ERA BACK WHEN LIFE WAS SIMPLER.
Myaaao.


Anamika Chowdhury


After watching this movie, I am craving for writing about Konkona Sen Sharma, the Bong Blaster. She is just not excellent, something beyond it. She is not an actress, She is an Artisan. Any character played by her rejuvenate our thought. The way she sketched it will compel us to change our perception of the character if we come across it earlier. If one day she gets a roll to just wave her hand, I think that will also be remembered by the audience. Bengal, in fact, India is proud to have Konkona, such an amazing talent. Every time she surprised us with her intelligent performance.
Myaaao.


Sheetal Sharma


Mind blowing 👌🏻 


Wanted to see more in the first story.


Second story was heart wrenching.


Loved the third story the most. Konkana played so strong and Hyderi looked so cute whenever she opened her mouth 😃 even the simplest printed sarees looked beautiful on her.


The fourth story was wonderful. Shefali Shah looked so smart. And Manav Kaul is such an obvious and perfect choice as a character artists 🤩 The character removed hairing aid so that people cannot lie to him, even then he was betrayed. But the beauty of plot writing that you cannot blame anyone. That’s complication of life.
Myaaao.


Bharat Builder


Very average stories, glorified with some good actors. Karan Johar can buy everything with money but can never present anything original. The first story is a mini Mirzapur remake and rest are also similarly average stories, some really sick like a poor little kid killing a baby gruesomely without logic and forced notions of caste discrimination in a private company. None of the stories had logic or objective, I really did not understand what did they want to convey- entertain us? Thrill us? Give us a social or moral message? Or just put some random gobar on our head and style it like intellectual content 😂. I was shocked that actors like Konkona Sen, Manav Kaul signed such a film. Abhishek Banerjee as usual was wasted in the same stereo type role he vefs since Mirzapur. Please recognize these fabulous actors, they are made for more.
Myaaao.


Udrisha Sarkar


The stories are so real and relatable! This is exact depiction of real lives and reality with no blue moons around! Brilliantly directed and great actors. I loved Konkona Sen's part the most! The first two stories might depict a little tale over structure but the last two were brilliantly shown!
 This is a MUST WATCH. 
(If you're sceptical about it, skip ahead and watch Story 3 & 4) Konkona Sen's part and Shaifal Shah's story are too good!
Myaaao.


abhishek pattnaik


All the stories can't appeal to you at the same level. So might like some and dislike some. Let me break it down for all the 4 short stories-


1)Majnu- The plot is weak and does not have much to offer. The best moments of this story comes towards the end when the Twists are revealed. Jaideep Ahlawat has been good with his character. Others are pretty decent.


2)Khilauna- There is no justification to the climax or connecting the dots as to why it happened. Rather than showing the irrelevant scenes, they could have focused more on setting up the premise for the climax. The acting has been good by both Abhishek Banerjee, Nusrat bharuccha and especially Inayat(Binny). She has a bright future ahead of her. 


3) Geeli Pucchi- This is my favourite of them all. Konkana as usual is true to her character and has done an awesome job pulling off such a strong character. She is a maverick. Aditi is also good with her acting, being the innocent one. The climax is hard hitting, unpredictable and what makes this story more special. This story touches upon all the taboos of the society like the lesbianism, casteism, workplace disparities etc.


4)Ankahi- The 2nd best out of the 4. The story says a lot without speaking much. The emotions are beautifully captured through expressions. Shefali shah has been absolutely fabulous with her acting skills. Same goes for Manav Kaul as well. The climax is a heart touching showing raw emotions which people can connect to, easily. Directed by Kayoze Irani, undoubtedly his best work till date.
Myaaao.


Dheeraj Narbekar


Amazing storylines portrayed in each of the 4 stories. Initially, all seems to be just like every other story, but as it proceeds further each story propels you to look at it with a different and unique perspective, offering it a distict dimension that make your thoughts go deeper and make you a part of the story. Great angle of direction provided to these storylines beautified with praiseworthy acting of renowned actors in each story. Impressed bt this one. Have patience and watch these sagas of emotions running down through the memory lane of your life... at some point.
Myaaao.


Aviral Anand


1.Majnu- Fatima Shaikh adds the beauty to the role exceptionally well. Parts of the plot that were meant to surprise didn't and some did. The story finishes almost immediately as soon as all the main characters come into play. 


2.Khilauna- Abhishek banerjee stole this story for me. Playing his role as the presswaala he made me outlook Nusrat barucha's imperfect impersonation of the housemaid. The story plays to its title well. 


3.Geeli Pucchi- This story outshines from the others. Konkona Sharma outdid herself. Aditi Rao Hydari on the other hand looked like she was tearing up every second of the movie.
The end makes us see the definition of betrayal beautifully. 


4. Ankahi- One could believe Manav Kaul to be actually deaf and dumb. He a brings a certain level of charm to the character. Suspense in this story is completely for manav not the audience.
Myaaao.


Aiswarya Girish Kumar


Overall it’s a good watch. The one story from this anthology that was so touching and memorable to me was Ankhani. I just loved how well Shefali & Manav portrayed their roles. They were so good, equally impressed. Climax door scene was so appealing, that I would say they were both competing eachother  to match up with their performances. Both of them did a very promising job♥️




Manisha sirwani


Ajeeb Dastaans represents Four Short Stories in one video. As an audience, what more can you ask for when you see all your favourite and Underrated Actors together! It's literally a treat to watch such a Pure and Heart touching Stories with Talent. And this is the type of Content we expect from Karan Johar to give us or produce such projects rather than Movies like SOTY 2 (Student Of The Year) or Kalank. 
My Favourites as per the order :-
Khilauna 
Ankaahi 
Geeli Pucchi
Majnu




Vasudha Kaushik


Yet another anthology  dealing with gender bias, caste preference, LGBT... The first story is fine , second story, I couldn't believe wat happened, plus didn't know why, how, when etc... Sorta abrupt ending, third story was absolutely superb and the last story was like a beautiful one with an ending I kinda didn't expect... and tat i didn't agree with ... Overall a beautiful movie to watch.. konkana sen gave another smashing performance...  A special mention to manav kaul' s acting 👍🏻👍🏻All the characters were like tailor-made for everyone who acted.
Myaaao.


Vansh Vijaya


The only thing here we can appreciate is the actors and how they step into the shoes of characters with utmost sheerness of personalities. Kuddos to all the actors. But unfortunately movies are not all about acting. THERE HAS TO BE A SCRIPT. A GRIP. AN URGE of audience to continue watching the film. Other than the 4th part which is "ankahi" and somewhat the third one which is "gilli pucchi" the other two are nothing but absolute nonsense. We all know  that sex is an integral part of human interactions. But how and why is Netflix just simply focusing there? It's like we-don't-know-what-to-do. let's-add-a-sex-scene. Okay fine add it. but please look out for relevance. The second part. Such a disgrace on a child's mind. Children are pure, there was a time when it was funny when children felt jealous of how other kids are being nurtured by their close ones. But here, a child is shown purely insecure and criminal. It was devastating to watch what happened. But to make it clear, it wasn't the surprise element but the "NIHAYTI BAKWASS" direction. Karan Johar is better at creating light films. He should stick to it. Dark Humor and dark material are appreciated i understand. But making everything dark is so sullen. We better start spreading positivity. It's a shoutout to Netflix and producers along w directors. TO RELECT ON WHAT YOU MAKE. I'd rate the thing 1/5 as per direction and production is concerned, "1" here is  for ankahi. And 5/5 for acting🖤
Myaaao.


Radhika Venkat


The film to look out for in this anthology is hands down Geeli Pucchi..one hell of a story with a great climax and outstanding performances by the leading ladies. Ankahi was ok..sort of dull and dragging..Shefali Shah is definitely an underrated actress..she is excellent in emoting...Majnu as most have pointed out seemed like an extension of Mirzapur..had it been focused only on Tripathi's wife Beena...created least impact..Khilauna sends a chill down ur spine..one ends up thinking..is this even possible?? Nushrat Bharucha for a change has come out of her glamourous avtar..and is good..
Myaaao.


sanchi bhaley


A great compilation of four very unique stories and the beauty of plot writing to me was unmatched. Gheeli Puchi and Ankahi were my favorites. Konkana's comeback, the way it punched to the screen. Subtly showcasing the deeply rooted casteism in the minds of people and how it inflicts an individual. It was truly nerve wrecking when Konkana took the lead. On the other hand, Ankahi was intense, barely any conversations yet strong evocation of feelings. The dialogue at the end "You managed to lie with your eyes". It made me cry in pain. Felt like "My" heart just broke to million pieces. Overall, the stories are quite riveting with emotions turning upside down 😢❤
Myaaao.


ARCHAN RAY


Ajeeb Daastaans reflects sharply upon marginalized Indian people and their struggles to find love. The image they portray is real. It's a sad and often pathetic image of love and it’s so terrifying because it’s true. The struggle of the privileged who can love and struggle of those who can only dream. And those dreams do come true only to exist as an illusion to reveal the reality later on. And the dismay one feels believing that we, underprivileged can be loved. And believing it so much that it felt true. 
It’s a movie that deals with the somewhat difficult spectrums of Indian culture, the spectrums with which we are in a state of denial. It very much falls into the category of the movie Super Deluxe. But, slightly adds somewhat less artistic value to it. But, it really shows the harsh reality in its naked form. Cinema mostly sells you a utopia, dream but this doesn't that's the best part about this movie.
Myaaao.


Taher Vadnagar


This movie is extremely inappropriate and such movies should not be allowed to stream.  Here is why: 


Promotion of Violence and murder: 
Yes, Please give more ideas to the Lunatic murderers out there. These guys are literally showing a baby getting cooked on the stove. Yes, a baby human. 
Out of all the ways to kill a baby in a movie this is what they chose? For god’s sake. This is what promotes Violence and gruesome murders. I wouldn’t be surprised if i turn on the news channel and find someone who actually murdered a baby after getting inspired by this Movie. Moreover why? Why would anyone want to show such a thing to their viewers? It really disgusts me that such movies are allowed to
be streamed. Having Sex promoted in Movies should also be banned according to me. It is what that promotes Rape and sexual harassment but the sad truth is that nothing can be done about it because Majority of the viewers watch movies for such scenes and
Without it the movie industry would go bankrupt.  But why show such gruesome scenes of a Baby getting cooked. I agree they didn’t show
The baby, The utensil was closed but it still inserts a thought in the viewers mind and some of them take it as an inspiration. Please stop such things the world is already has enough of this madness. No need to promote it even further. Do not watch this movie. Anyone who watches the movie after reading this review is doing nothing but supporting such gruesome scenes.
Myaaao.


ANIK BISWAS


The 1st and 2nd story were not very clear to me had a hard time understanding exactly what happened. Armaan Ralhan in beards looks like a clone of Salman Khan from various angles.


The 3rd one is quite good. It highlights a lot of things like casteism, love for same sex and a master stroke played by Konkona at the end. It's only a bit too long.


The 4th one is a masterpiece.  Beautiful ❤❤. Manav kaul man!! How wonderfully he plays the role of a deaf n dumb man and he looks stunning . And the climax of this story, uffff , will bring tears to your eyes. You will feel for the poor Manav Kaul .  Shefali Shah is equally good.
Myaaao.


Sanskar raj


Watched this movie only because the trailer looked promising, and good cast.


This movie is divided into 4 segment with different people and their stories.


1st segment's story is nothing more than improved version of "gandi baat". Bad storyline, unnecessary sex scenes. (3/10)


2nd segment is more worse than 1st one, worst storytelling, same unnecessary sexualisation and on the top of that bogus climax. Nothing makes sense in this. (1.5/10)


3rd and 4th segments are watchable specially 4th one. (5.5/10, 4.5/10)


Overall bad script, good casting and average music. Script writer and director literally tried hard to experiment with cinema but they failed miserably and this movie ended up like an another erotic-sensless drama that is being made on ott platforms like alt balaji, ullu etc.
Myaaao.


RASHI SINGH


Geeli puchi and Ankahi are breath of fresh air. These 2 movies are what entertainment should be... The first 2 stories Majnu and Khilauna are okayish but Ankahi makes you cry your heart out for Manav Kaul's character. Amazingly portrayed.
Also Geeli puchi makes you realize the unfair biases towards caste system and has a justified end. 
10/10 would recommend.




Divyanshu Trivedi


The starting two tales are suspense driven and others are the drama flicks but none of them are not convincingly crafted. There is a lot of gap in the incidents which happens at a shudden shift. The music is very refreshing and the cast is awesome. Background score of second story ' khilauna' is awesome and the suspense of the second story is way beyond the thinking. The fourth story 'ankahi' is a some sort of cliche bollywood theme presentation. The third story is quite refreshing , the way its punched to the screen. 


All and all this movie should be watched for once..
Myaaao.


Nagendra Prasad


I can say really one of the different project movie and music is extraordinary. That to my favorite konkonna sin sharma acting super mam really really super acting mam, u make ur part much more better then any else I think love u mam, rest of the actors also done really well. At last one thing I use to say for konkonna sin sharma mam please do movies mam ur one of the greatest actors I haven't seen it is true mam love u mam.
Myaaao.


Tania loves illustrating


Every story ends in a shocking revelation. Watch if u haven't already. Konkona mam deserves special mention. She did a great job. The last segment was beautiful. Manav Sir's acting was his best work till date, I came across. Definitely watch this.. Highly recommend. Each story slaps the society. Watch it and enjoy the emotional rollercoaster..
Myaaao.


bharath balemane


#Ajeeb_Daastaans (2021 • Anthology film • Hindi • Netflix) #GoodWatch - a collection of four short films, with a good cast and performances; stories centered around revenge, ego, innocence, pride and sex mostly centered around women. The short that I loved the most is Geeli Pucchi- Here onwards the movie starts getting better, both Konkana Sen Sharma as well as Aditi Rao Hydari are brilliant. The plot is subtle with layers, mostly depicted in visuals and less direct dialogues related to the topic. Overall good watch.




Simran Rai


i love this movie its very unique with unexpected ending WATCH IT FREE ON EINTHUSAN ALONG WITH THOUSANDS OF OTHER HINDI,TAMIL,TELGU,BENGALI,MALAYALAM, KANNADA,MARTHI, AND PUNJABI MOVIE FOR FREE. FREE REGISTRATION AND 25$ ONE TIME PAYMENT FOR AN PREMIUM ACCOUNT WHICH YOU CAN WATCH THE UTRA HD MOVIES WITH NO ADS YOU CAN SCREEN IT TO YOUR TV WITH FASTER INTERNET AND STREAMING AVAILABLE THANK ME LATTER.
Myaaao.


Manasvi Haldia


I was really excited to watch this movie after watching the trailer,but what bugged me about it the most was that none of the stories had a happy or even slightly better ending. The first two stories were just straight up twisted , especially the ending to the second story. that was pure gore. 
 I don't have any comments for the first one.


The last story was by far the best of the collection. it was on a comparatively lighter tone but at the same time difficult to predict. I feel bad for kabir but really happy to see samaira and rohan talk.
The third story was also a bit disappointing, given this was the one that made watch the movie. i would have loved to watch priya and bharti have a happy ending. 


3 stars just for the last story.
Myaaao.


Subhashis Das


It's really a good watch. I don't know why there are so many negetive comments in imdb but for me it was a wonderful Hindi movie after so long. What I hate to see that people just watch a movie with a perticular colonial mindset. when they see anything out of the box they just attack with their toxic thoughts and downgrade the rating of the movie which influence public viewing. They should stop misleading public with their fake horrible reviews.
Myaaao.


Sukh Sang


Ajeeb Dastaan is only and only worth it for Neeraj Ghaywan's wonderful short. Konkona Sen Sharma and Aditi Rao Hydari are pitch perfect in their respective roles as a Dalit machine operator and a Brahmin data entry operator. The contrast between the two women is brought out beautifully. It is shown how no one is perfect and no one is completely trustworthy. Both women decieve the other in the end but the consequences are negative for just one of them.
Myaaao.


Shashi Chaubey


Initial 2 parts title majnu and khilauna respectively are not that much capable to attract with stories specially the 1st part is quite unrealistic
But last 2 parts are outstanding I mean in 3rd part no words,fabulous job ,story perfect,acting awesome by both leads
And the 4th one stills my heart really Shefali mam and manav sir acting,ooff😅😅🙏🙏👏👏👏👏 kya tha ye mtlb gajabb,a simple story with complex deep emotions u can't handle if u starts feeling the climax emotion👌👌👌 
I will give it 4.5 but initial 2 parts are😴🤮🤮,so overall 3.5 this decrement credit goes to initial ones😔




Ami Negandhi


All the stories were different and unique! They were fresh and thought provoking.  Brilliant acting done by Konkana Sharma, Shefali Chaayya and Nushrat Bharucha and that little girl in Khilauna. 


The best one was Gheeli Puchi, then Ankanhi, Khilauna and lastly Majnu


Keep it up all of you and Karan Johar!
Myaaao.


Minakshi Sharma


All the stories are very good but I m a bit confused with the story of konkana and aditi rao. This story shows that konkana was not getting a higher job because of her caste, I m sorry as my knowledge says that India is the only country where reservation on jobs, education, designation etc. Is present. In India most of the higher jobs, degrees, position are occupied by reserved caste irrespective of there talent.  If any director has the courage to show the condition of a general candidate struggling for admission in colleges or Government jobs and facing too much problem because of this reservation please make movie on this too.




Ankita Shukla
9 months ago
Did not enjoy the first two parts of the script. Actors plays out an average role with no enticing storyline. 
However, it picks up with the third story - geeli puchi. A story so domestic to carefully built a true reflection of the society and humans when hit with the reality.
And lastly, Ankahi is a masterpiece that is highly recommended. It is a true flow of emotions that will leave you enthralled.




sukhvinder singh


I loved it, I think it's Indian version of black mirror series with Desi twist.
Wonderful creativity, i don't why ppl r rating it low.
It shows us the dark reality of our relationship, society nd emotions. The  last 2 stories are really  good, specially the last one it's master piece




neeteshofftosee


Simply it was worst. Anthologies are always want to be more open that structural. They had to show more foul language, sex scene, affair, sexuality because they had nothing to show special, it was one more cliche anthology realeased under banner of Netflix. We living in era where hatred spread all over the globe, so at this point we've to show more friendly, loving Heartwrenching and warming stories which teaches some loving skills but what they are doing, Ahh man, nothing but damaging our nerve at next extent, f*** you creator and Netflix..
Myaaao.


derek lilac


A damn good anthology! The first short wasn't as impressive mainly because I feel like the acting had something left to be said. The other shorts were very well made. The stories were perfect! My favorite were the last 2 shorts. The second short impressed me the most with their plot.
Myaaao.


Gargi M


Just watched the trailer of the film... and i was just mesmerized by the expressions and natural acting of Manav Kaul sir, its just amazing.... his expressions are so genuine! His eyes convey a lot of the things! Bollywood needs such ACTORS and not good looking people just saying a bunch of lines! Respect you sir!❤
Myaaao.


Sakshi Sachdeva


It is a nice watch. All of the stories are really unique , with the second one a little too much. Such a crime cant be done by a small child, if so    Some more details would have been better . 4 one beats all . Such powerful turns of emotions 😥
Myaaao.


Murali Pariyadath


No words... That is only i can say now. All the four short films i enjoyed, and even i held my urge for a toilet call and waited for a finish. The story, photography and directions were superb, all the actors were not acting but living... Sure I will see it again to find the faults which I think I didn't noticed on my first attempt..
Myaaao.


Nisha Singh


“Ankahi” is the most watchable out of all the four short stories. Shefali Shah and Manav Kaul have both nailed their art beautifully. Sensitive and often heart breaking portrayal. The other three are absolutely skippable. Don’t know how there’s such a shortage of good stories. Neither the stories are captivating nor the acting. I would say Konkona Sen Sharma is better than all the others in the three remaining stories.




Amit Barik


What to expect from such a producer and Bollywood.  Just pathetic average stories. There is life beyond s*x, affairs bla bla. Just wake up Bollywood and see how Tamil/Malayalam film industries are making movies. Use your brain and come up with a good positive content. I believe PR companies are working hard to create fake 5 star reviews which eventually go down after real viewers watch and rate it.
Myaaao.


nekait arora


A powerpack of such mind jolting stories, cooked by perfect direction and then garnished with strong acting sequences is what makes it a great watch. Konkana leads by example, such influencing character, she's 21 to Aditi's 19, Jaideep, Nushrat, Abhishek, Manav & Shefali's all 19. Fatima still lags.


Warning: Do not watch all 4 in one go. You may need time to settle on them one by one, such thought provoking (read disturbing) ones.


Myaaao


Maroof Syed


Okay, so this was an average compilation of short stories.
(No spoilers)


1. Majnu -
This was a little boring as it was cliché in terms of the storyline. The actors did well but the story lacked any freshness.


2. Khilauna -
This one wasn't good either. Was a tad unrealistic and let's just not talk about the end.


3. Geeli Pucchi -
This was fine. Konkona Sen Sharma stole the show for me. Aditi's character was too naive.


4. Ankahi -
This was the pick of the lot. Good acting and storyline. The pause during the climax scene was so good. Great direction in my opinion. Well done, Sir.




Sakshi Goyal


Overall it is nice and worth watching. All the stories are quite interesting and fun to watch. Only the second one (khilauna) is quite disturbing. I really don't understand how they justify this much of cruelty by just saying "Wo toh sirf khilauna hai" no kids can do this kind of cruelty even with their toys.
Myaaao.


reshmi m


Last story was awesome. Manav's acting as well as his looks were great.. wow!!!. Climax was so disheartening but that was the beauty of the story. Shefali shah was too good like how she is in other movies. A must watch I would say!.I cried literally 😢I really felt so bad for the poor Manav. Wished it never ended like showed.
Myaaao.


Rebecca


I don’t watch Indian films often though I’m glad I did with this one! Great plots and twists. Sharp performances and I wish some of the storylines were longer. Very happy to see the progression in Indian cinema in terms of the themes explored. I hope they continue to do so.




Ashri Rajani


4 all stars for the unkahi ❤️ Fav tale. The truth of love! Well no story ends without a shock. That’s something unique about it i felt. Adding sex scenes is utmost not necessary I don’t know why Indian series too does that!




Joydeep Das


I just want to say konkana nailed it... If u skip the story 1 u can say it is also one of the great films of Bollywood.. ❤❤
Shocking climax, light hearted love story and many more u can watch here 


I recommend u all to give it a try... Not a film for mass audiences.. 
Do not spread hate 😄
Myaaao.


mk yotube Channel


Just now watched, once again proved this ott is **xual ott for **x interested **dians. I hoped it may give somewhere feel good movie, but it breaks 💔... Paavai kathaigal is best... Instead of concentrating on stories they give more scope on **x. Ajeeb **x daastaans.. Starting series is awesome dangal girl having smooches let's try  **ck interesting  people. 


But actors are did good acting
Myaaao.


Akanksha singh


Loved the acting by all. Personal fav is aditi rao amd nushrat (sorry about the spelling) stories could have been better. One could understand in all aspects, the writers have taken their frustrations out by emphasizing the fact that DONT USE PEOPLE OR DONT PLAY WITH PEOPLE EMOTIONS OR DONT TAKE PEOPLE FIR GRANTED. 
I mean i could hear screenplays and writers shoutin this at top of their voice
Myaaao.


Raj Singh


I would say its a "must watch movie". Characters are playing their role perfectly and what causes the climax to happen is for you to decode if you know how the world, how the people and how religion plays with the life of a human if they let them. What people takes from each other, people using people that's how things get done here. It will change the way you see the world.
Myaaao.


post lemon


Knkona sharma's portion was outstanding . so many thing in one frame. must say a clever way they exhibit whole thing . Breathtaking . if it was made in full length . 
rest 2 stories were over imposed . but till okay someone at least said about this
Myaaao.


Priya Khattar


Why netflix has all depressed series to watch. Part 2 
Where Nusrat is being portrayed as house help. The last part of the episode was truly disappointing. How could you even show that cooker scene for baby. I don’t understand weather India is a scary country to live or we are making it scary by portraying such stuff. And this OTT platform is making India as a difficult country to live in. Please show some good stuff. Already we have a lot around to inhale depression.
Myaaao.


Faiqa Khan


What a beautiful performs all characters in all stories according to their role. Really impression how a story complete in half hour and a unique and inspring thrill and love sotries in a one movie . Impressive nice and want more movie like this like sloppy kisses and toy unspoken majnu best.




Varun C


Seems Netflix wants to convey through this short film that the Hindu upper caste people are rogue,  have primitive mindsets, are either gay or lesbian or impotent, racist, practice untouchability, can't keep their spouse happy, lure their housemaids, incapable in office duties and misuse the services of their friends who are downtrodden and off course are multi skilled. This narrative is being repeated some have in most of Netflix films with Indian stories with an agenda only to show the Indianism in bad light. The 2 stars though are for the last story which doesn't reflect the above mentioned sentiment.




Prince Johari


This was actually wayyy better than i expected it to be because after reading so many reviews i concluded that it's just okay but when i gave it a try myself...i think it did everything that it wanted on beat. All the stories are really done really well except the first one, Otherwise its a great watch.
Go for it !!!




Deepak Sarkar


I am only and only giving this review for fabulous Konkana Sen Sharma, she completely blown me away through her acting as after watching all three short stories at the end I can only visualize her picture. I am short of words but really would appreciate her work. Complete round of 👏




Sarthak Pathroliya


Unrealistic , dark and utterly absurd. This by far the most worst thing that I have ever seen on an online platform. The actors that  are casted are great but almost everything in the stories is not easily appreciable. The loose end stories remind me of one of those crime shows that still are on television. Dialogues were well written , acting was done by the most elite actors but the story itself was just not that great. As the name itself tells this feature film must have been written by someone who only sees dark and not the light in the life.
Myaaao.


Mirza Arslan


Wow. Four stories one lesson. The difference of class between the elite caste system and the lower ones. A true face of society. The elite one thinks they are ditching the lower ones, and the lower one do the same thing. This is the bitter side of society. Buttering and be sweet on the face and what actually they are doing, they are backbiting each other. What is it for? Because society where you show the difference of class/status, you cannot maintain the equilibrium, people will eventually start hating each other.
 Brilliant composition. love it!!




Vaibhav Hassija


Absolutely loved it. Conveying so much in little is work of a genius. Great storyline and excellent performance by everyone. My favourite is Ankahi by Kayoze Irani which is the last story. Overall Worth a watch.
Myaaao.


Rahul Maan


Four different stories, connected with a thread of ajeeb daastaans. This is a true to life piece of art, which shows a very high potential of the Indian cinema.
The amazing story telling, acting and direction creates an illusion of a connection with the movie.
And this review is based on just the last 2 stories - Geeli Pucchi and Ankahi.




SSA A


Haven’t seen such a classy movie in a long time. The performances are just amazing. Konkona Sen, Adito Rao, Manav Kaul and Nushrat Barucha have done justice to their roles. Must watch!




Prachi Purva


It's just superb.All four stories have lil unexpected end. Story of konkana is amazing, I loved that one most out of 4. Konkana has nailed it.I strongly recommend to watch these ajeeb dastaas👌
Myaaao.


Rushabh Khandare


It's a wonderful movie! it's amazing how they showed all the aspects of social issues which doesn't talk much but practice loudly. We must praise all the 4 directors and Karan Johar for keeping genuineness and showing all the sides of various issue.


Myaaao
Neel Das


Rarely Bollywood makes films that hits the real stories of us the humans of everyday. This collection was just perfect in terms of story, editing, acting, direction. I got my dopamine overdose by watching it so a massive thanks to the absolutely brilliant cast and crew.




Myaaao


Prerana Pradhan
9 months ago
You will find love, lust, crime, revenge, taboo, acceptance, denial, hoax..... everything in a subtle way.
I thought this would be like Modern Love Mumbai or Lust Stories but this multi layered web series is different.
Konkana you will never fail to win our hearts.


Myaaao




sudeshna ray


Last two stories are great.. just couldn’t stand the second story climax like for the name of content u cannot make a child play this nasty role.. had it been a 10-12 years old girl it would still be accepted, but such a little child with such level of screwed thinking is just ridiculous! First one was ok.
Myaaao.


Sammani Sarkar


An honest portrayal of multi-layered relationships. Konkona Sensharma and Aditi Rao-Hydari's tale shines the brightest. Powerful acting chops portrayed by all the actors. Great music scores, especially the one starring Nusrat Barucha.


Myaaao
Swarna Shrivastava


Very nice set of films. All were spectacular.  I liked ankahi the most , mostly because of acting. It was very strong. Secondly I like Manu for uts twist. It was refreshing. 3rd was geeli puchi , it was also very interesting to watch but little lengthy I thought. Konkana's character was little tooo harsh maybe. And lastly was khilauna,  nusrat barucha's acting was not upto the mark. But ending however was interesting.  A harsh but scary.


Myaaao
nishu yadav


What a movie yrr !! Every actor of this movie justify their character in a perfect way , but i love third and fourth story of this movie, different storyline and unexpected ending. Totally worth to watch and somehow u dont feel like kjo type movie .
Myaaao.


Abhradeep


The trailer got me excited. But i was so disappointed with the film.
Moreover, there were unnecessary and untrue racial connotations which are hardly visible in the east of India.
And yet again, two out of the four stories were related to same sex attraction which is becoming common on Netflix.
Myaaao.


Geetika Aggarwal


Konkana Sen was outstanding in the film. What brilliance !!! That 1 star extra is for her. You may skip the 1st & the 2nd stories. Jaideep Ahlawat was a complete waste in the film. Shefali Shah was as usual so graceful n poised. Manav Kaul like always sweet n soothing to the eyes☺️
Myaaao.


Shashank Sunny Shekhar


Story buildup is strange.When the build up is great,the climax sucks.Performances are commendable but why to use such useless sex scenes to make a case for the story ?I think that's the vision of tight story telling that the directors/creative team/Karan johar had.Instead of serving us this half baked cookie which is saved from being rotten by the performances of the cast,had the directors focussed on the execution of the storyline,we would have had a nice edge of the seat thriller.But I understand this good up since its Kjo..he only serves what's cooking in his empty head !!!
p.s I only recommend the konkana and Aditi Rao hydari story
Myaaao.


Vivek singh


It's a master piece. 4 stories with amazing message and a bomb climax in all of them. Great casting and Evey character had laid justice to their roles. It's a must watch movie.




V M


For a change karan Johar is breaking from sterotype melodramatic movies. Worth watching. The part which has konkana Sen is too good. The first part of the story is a good plot and intriguing to watch.
Myaaao.


Anagha R


It's not always about happy endings , fairy tales etc .., but the story line was boring , but all the actors and actresses did a commendable job , instead of showing greed or jealousy factor in every character , they could have got the better side of them . This maybe inspired from the real happenings around , but it's good to bring out the good , there lies the twist and pulp of the 4 different situations




Upazaana Sengupta


The name of the film justifies the four twisted plots supported by superb acting by all the actors. My personal favourites would be 'Geeli Puchi' and 'Unkahi'. 'Majnu' has a weak plot amongst them and 'Khilona' has the darkest plot amongst all , not for chicken hearted people!
Myaaao.


karan gurnani


Simply because something's should never even be thought of, let aside being discussed, enacted and then broadcasted to millions of people. Just because there is no censor board for OTT, doesn't mean you disrespect the freedom. There are so many ajeeb daastans, yet the creators had the audacity to use the word khilauna in such a terrible way. Before going to bed tonight, ask yourself the negative impact you might have had on so many people.
Myaaao.


Apurva Prabhudessai


I liked the movie... It was very nice. I am looking for this song in the movie.... “mein kuch na kahu tum suno “ from last story of the movie. Can I get name of singer or may be the song please. It’s such a lovely song 🎵




ruchi jayjohn


Four different story, none of them straight forward. Servants & masters have blurred boundaries when it comes to sexual manipulation. Original  & out of the box stories. Good acting. Konkana as an ambitious lesbian was superb. Engrossing.
Myaaao.


Girija Sankar Devkumar


Majnu-a disappointment


Khilauna-manageable...A deep message not able to show it properly...


Geeli puchhi-Nicely portrayed...Konkana Sen Sharma 👍👍


Ankhain--Awesome....Shefali Shah N Manav Kaul are brilliant...
The best out of 4...
Overall 3 * rating




Rashmi Chaudhary


I would highly recommend this anthology for specifically the story, narration, direction of "geeli puchhi" . So many layers and subtle touches in one short movie. Konkna won my heart for one more time.
Myaaao.


Kamna R


Are these people even storytellers?  What message are you truly imparting to the society. Pity those parents who try to make children act on these concepts. Second story was brutal. You create violence in the world . Try to contribute kindness and generous nature instead of same old lame stories. May be the latter one is easier for these directors and Producers.
Myaaao.


Arijit Sinha


A special mention for Gili puchi, that was the standout story of the anthology without a shade of doubt.
But also big shoutout to Manav Kaul for providing a class act with his eyes. His act was really touching.


Myaaao


Sehba Ahmed


Every story is captivating and grasps human nature plot by plot frame by frame very succinctly. Whilst Ankahi was my favourite, due to Manav Kaul, the remaining stories had a good narrative with underlying motives, themes and connotations on how traditions are still deeply embedded in the fabric of society, and yet to evolve.


Myaaao
Subhashis Chowdhury


Except for the first one, I liked all. The best of course is "Gilli Puchi" directed by Neeraj Ghayam. It's delightfully complex and layered. Very good performance by Aditi Rao Hydari and Konkona


Myaaao
Aakaash Chand


THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIE WHICH I HAVE SEEN
At 1st i thought that as its a bollywood movie it would be not that good . Even if a story came out good in this movie rest of the story would be boring BUT but BuTTT i was so WRONG this movie is a masterpiece 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥


I BET YOU CANT PREDICT ANY OF THE ENDING😁




Manas Wadhwa


Four Depressing and Sad stories!!! 
To make you even more sad in these times.
Would u enjoy - No 
Would u laugh - No 
Would u feel happy and Delighted- No 
Any Takeaway - No 
Its not Entertainment its Depression.
Its just a competition of four directors as to who can make viewers more Sad n Depressed nothing else.
IGNOOOOORE It if u can 
My first review on a Movie ever 
Hated it so much!!!
Myaaao.


ravi


I could completely relate to the third story the subtle but ever present caste divide in india and how it is shown with undertone of work environment for women and lesbian lovers. First two stories made me feel angry at times. A women craving for sex all the time is just too demeaning.
Myaaao.


Meena Jain


The first story can be ignored as such but the next three can actually win great awards regarding the great acting skills and unbelievable and outstanding storylines and messages. Lets focus on the fact that they were an excellent mark on bollywoods future!!


Myaaao
Leena Duwadi


Last two just blew my mind. Two of the best stories and performances I ever watched. Konkona Sen Sharma, Shefali Shah and Manav Kaul are brilliant actors.


Myaaao
Gitanshi Kathuria


Each story more beautiful than the other. Just loved the entire anthology especially the last two stories. Finally something good to watch in Hindi after a long time.


Myaaao
Madhavi Shukla


Except for 'geeli puchhi' the rest of the stories are a waste of time . A far cry from its predecessor Lust stories which is worth a second watch. The first story in Ajeeb Daastaans is unbearable, everything including Fatima Sana Saikh's overacting( or maybe the character didn't justify her acting prowess), desperate story line etc.And for God's sake  Which language is the word "Daastans" from ??!!🙄 Konkona Sen Sharma is the only consolation in this whole "Daastans"!!
Myaaao.


Anushree Surin


Each story provides emotional contenting feeling. Stories with female protagonist and it has so much to offer. Konkana and Shefali have no match and they displayed the magnificent actor which they are.


Myaaao


Aditya N


Extremely horrible plot with the same old boring wannabe revolutionary storylines .I don't understand why Indian directors are so desperate to get validated by the western culture by portraying homosexuality.Promoting dengeneracy under the Blanket of flawed Indian society is the intention throughout the movie.
Absolutely waste of time watching this movie(Did not watch the fourth story of Shefali Shah because i was done with the movie after the third pathetic story)
First story-closeted Gay second story-cAsTe diViDe
Third story-closeted lesbian
Myaaao.


Rajeshwari Mohapatra


It's a fair watch....has some good stories, good acting few disappointments as well
 Stories are subtle, nuanced, slow yet they do have their individual  flavor & flaws.
For me the suprise packets are the actors from crime patrol team ..they are so good in their characters, just natural.
Myaaao.


CLUB AETHER


The last story was one of the best. Bolna chaahta tha "I Love You". Lekin bol nahi paaya. Such a beautiful stories all of them were. Felt good after watching it. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️




Arzoo Jain
9 months ago
It was so good. Like all four stories carry different emotions. I don't know why haven't i watched it till now. But i will recommend everyone to watch this film.
Myaaao


Jesi Naskar


"geeli pucchii" is my favourite part and it's a very complicated and incomplete love story , according to me , we shouldn't hide our Reality , we shouldn't kill our soul to live with a person who is not for me . I think She was a good hearted person so she sacrificed for his husband and family , honestly speaking it is a SERI love story for Bharati and Priya .
Myaaao


Bikramjeet P.


The first two stories were literally garbage. The plot was pathetic. Especially the second one. It was the worst story I have ever seen on Netflix. It didn't make any sense. The last story and 3rd story were great. I liked the last one more. Overall, if you want to watch this movie, save your precious time and skip the first two stories. They aren't worth your time at all
Myaaao


Rajesh E


I love the last two stories!!! Loved watching my two favourites, Aditi Rao and Konkona together. Chemistry between Manav Kaul and Shefali Shah is beyond words!! ❤️


Myaaao
Swagato Das


4 short stories with different story lines. Would not say absolutely mind blowing but its good for one time watch. There is disappointment with starting of the film but it holds a good grip as it ends.


1. Majnu - 1/5
2. Khilauna - 2/5
3. Gilli Pucchi - 3.5/5
4. Ankahi - 4.5/5


Overall - 3.5/5


Myaaao
bhubananda tripathy


The Storylines are interesting and engaging.. No doubt the sequence gets a lot better...  Not a family film but I wouldn't say that's a demerit here. 
Awesome finely tuned storytelling
Myaaao


Prof Dr K M Baharul Islam


Best part is to watch my favourite actor Konkona Sen Sharma for the warm characterizations of Bharti Banerjee / Mondal (GEELI PUCCHI, DIR: NEERAJ GHAYWAN). She portrays the character in its awkwardness inherent in the workplace and mindscape. Her depiction of Bharti reflects both human responses and sympathizes with the character.


Myaaao
Sudipta


Since there are multiple stories, its difficult to rate.. however most of the scripts lack depth. They roped in good actors from recently successful ventures but without proper direction and script it was difficult to watch. Social issues are there for sure but doesn't mean there has to be an overdose of it for a movie to become successful.
Myaaao.


Prashant malik


The last story won my heart. Others were okay but Shefali Shah and manav kaul was really terrific. Overall I would give 2.5/5 that too because of last story .


Myaaao
Tundup Wangmo


Brilliant set of stories , especially liked geeli puchi, couldn't even recognise Konkona Sen Sharma,her performance is mind blowing and Oscar worthy👌👌 aditi rao did a good job too as well as other actors


Myaaao
Siddharth Ahuja


It's a gross and strange movie. Why would anybody want to watch such stuff. Even if it was realistic then I would have appreciated this movie but these are really unrealistic and negative situations. This movie is for those who enjoy depressive situations.
Myaaao.


Ashwin Kini


All 4 shorts have something small piece of life to share with the viewer. Good selection of actors and good intense stories. A must watch.
Myaaao.


Piyali Bhadra


Last 2 episodes are better than the other 2. Last scene of the 4th episode is too much heart touching. Overall it's a must watch for everyone.


1. Majnu: 2,
2. Khilauna: 1 & half,
3. Geeli Pucchi: 3 & half,
4. Ankahi: 4.


11 out of 20.
Myaaao


A M


Skip to story 3 and 4. They are brilliant. The first two stories do not even belong in this movie. Episode 2 had some potential but a missed opportunity.


Myaaao
shreyasi mandal


Brilliant movie with awesome acting from good actors.
I love the way, the last 3stories were exquisitely crafted with twisted climax.
Worth watching.


Myaaao
Yash sharma


Every star is for Mr Manav kaul.
Kaul sahab!!! Kaul sahab!!! Saw most of your roles in negative/gray area and this was miles apart. Brilliantly portrayed. For me the last one was the best.


Myaaao
Viiral Viral


Same old typical stereotype Bollywood story. Individual characters are trying to justify their given role. Trying so hard to convince how society has a backdoor for women. Women are trap in men's world. Searching for their identity and want to free themselves from the orthodox mindset.
Myaaao.


Dr Rashmi Kumari


Good movie at least at the time of lockdown we have such movies. All stories and characters performed really well, I would recommend audience to watch it once.
Myaaao


Parnika Patel


Amazing treat to your eyes, mind, heart and soul. Worth the watch.. Especially the second one..Great work cast..Keep it up! :)


Myaaao
megha george


It was brilliant.. shud have more short stories into a movie coz each story then is crafted so well.. each story shows today's times of hypocrisy.. and so apt for our times..
.loved it !!
Myaaao


Harsh Jani


A couple of stories are interesting and thought provoking...rest of them are run of the mill...the best part of these are the starcast who justifies the lame characters they have been given...


Just to accomodate the stories in the timelines, climaxes in some stories  are left to viewers to intrigue themselves post movie...ke kya kehna chahte ho bhai...


3 stars only for the performances by actors...
Myaaao.


Shatakshi Dubey


The film is very surprising and undoubtedly one of the best movies I've ever watched. Do watch it , if you're ready for surprises!




Suchitra Rathore


Excellent. The script, direction, acting all are great. My favourite was Konkona and Aditi short movie 'Gheeli Pucchi ' . What acting by Konkona! Amazing !
Myaaao.


shradha sharma


I would really not like to watch something like this I don't know why we like to watch these disturbing crime to entertain ourselves .
I watched till second story "Khilona" but it disturbed me som much that I withdrew the plan to watch the rest of the stories and really not willing to watch it further .
Let us not support horrendous crime through these stories I believe we really enjoy to watch light hearted stories .
Myaaao.


Gaurav Daryanani


The 2 hours tale includes 4 stories which are unique but not interesting. You will hope next story will be better than the previous one but turns out vice versa. First 2 stories are watchable with twists and latter 2 stories have been tried to depict realistic but falls short of it.
Myaaao.


aishwarya thakur


Four different Stories. I'm amazed to say that each and every story is gripping . Top class acting .
Must must watch!!
Myaaao.


Tasmi Quazi-Bodhanya


Artistic and well made but didn't appreciate seeing the crass underbelly of India. As refreshing as it was to see non-Bollywood actors, kept wondering whether it was Indian actors from wealthy backgrounds - exploiting narratives of the poor! Granted not all poor Indians are noble, of course, which we clearly see. Back to the drawing board please, art-houses of India!
Myaaao.


Arpita Sinha


I loved all the stories.Each and every actor did justice to their roll.Konkona,Shefali all are tremendously talented actors.Hats off.Karan Johar you have passed this time.😁😁


Myaaao
Sabah Husain


We are looking for more such content in movies with intellectuality, maturity and depth. Fabulous performance by the actors. Worth the watch!
Myaaao


Swati Sankhe


Khilouna short movie is just horrible, everything including performance, story and especially the end. I stopped to watch this movie after seeing the disgusting cooker scene!!! Others are saying to watch last two parts as they are better but why to make audience suffer the ordeal of watching something disgusting!
Myaaao.


KANCHAN MALA


The last story was complete cliche but applauds to actors they will make you love that stories.... Min dialogue they narrated it with their expression. Well done 👍👏.




Ashish shete


Acting of each character was also great especially the small girl.bt some incidents are too shocking especially in the 2 nd story that murder of child by that small girl is very disturbing .I mean what the point of showing that ,i don't know where happens this in out society. Please don't watch with your kids .Writers inted was good .
Myaaao.


Rhishita Pathak


Brilliant work. Superb casting and amazing acting by Konkona Sen Sharma, Manav Kaul, Shefali Shah, and everyone else. Compact and savoury. A must-watch!


Myaaao
Elaine Okoro


I have just watched Netflix 4  short story each unique and encapsulating.Every character had its own story to tell.It was refreshing thr approach to the present and sad legacy ,acknowledgement  of discrimination. Absorbed everyone of them.I will be looking out for   anything Ajeeb Daastaans in the future.


Myaaao
Mokshi mokshi
8 months ago
First story was nice and well directed but the second story 'Khilona' was bad in taste and it stopped me there. I could not go further. 
I don't have words to express how bad it was. I wish it would haven't been in the anthology. 
Sorry for only one star because of story 'Khilona'




Simran Tuli


How can someone show a killing of an infant in such brutal way? Have no words on how to express my thoughts on it. But this is bad!! This is not creaivity, it is criminal mind writing such stories
Myaaao.


Aadhith Auzome


Worth The Wach!! I Loved All The Episodes... But I Really Loved The Deaf Episode!! It's Just Pure Love & Nostalgic!! Juz Go For It!!


Myaaao
Dead Gamer_10


Idk what I've seen... short stories filled with masala scenes honestly speaking crop these masala films and keep it on adult sites then only people will watch it with no pain. What a painful movie!
Myaaao.


Ashu Sharma


Combination of every feelings possible...good or bad..hidden, seen or unseen. Truly unexpected. 
Loved all the stories mainly unkahi...how people hide, manupulate, showcase, manage for survival and exist in this world. 👌👌👌
Myaaao


Mehta Rashmikant


Very nice stories strong acting of all good story line real image of Sociey very well performed and directed al the stars are very talented and effective plots adapted nicely


Myaaao
Jitendra Pareek


Incredible!! Specially the 3rd. Too many things, too many emotions and situations but how awesomely done. These directions set the bench mark for rest


Myaaao
Ravindra Singh


Worth to watch. Specially Gulli Puchchi. Konkona and Aditi done great job.  
Manav Kaul in last frame did tremendous job.
Myaaao


Shuvo Biswas


very much related to people's life of those who dont get the person they love or lost them it doesnt matter either they straight or biesexual...every single story is very much touchy & last twist is great👍🏻


Myaaao
Ushasi Das


The movie compiled four different stories yet beautifully connected them. The way it depicted the complex human emotions, truly need to be appreciated in a whole new level. ❤




Myaaao
Zeeshan Altaf Beg


It’s just perfect. The emotions borne with perfection. You can feel it. One of the best of 2021.




Myaaao
zaayirah athar


Geeli puchi was my favourite story , it was so natural and the acting as well was amazing . Aditi rao hydari and Konkona did really wonderful .




Myaaao
Angaddeep Randhawa


The thoughts in this movie were extremely vile and inappropriate for public viewing.  this movie needs to be taken down. no need to torment viewers with the baby scene.  karan johar and the director can go to hell
Myaaao.


Karishma Sinha


Loved the actors and the content. Yes, I don't approve of all the endings but there's still something satisfying when each story ends.
Myaaao.


sushma bodha


Cliche!!


Netflix needs to come out of it's repetitive narrative for Indian content...a bit of caste angle,  closeted homosexuality,  some mushiness n revenge wrapped up in little boldness...voila 🤷‍♀️


2 stars for fabulous sets of actors
Myaaao.


Nirupam Reddy


Ignore the conservative snowflakes spamming one stars. This some good shiit right here lol. Nice and uncomfortable just what this country needs right now.
Myaaao.


Amruth Appaiah


Ankahi and konkana Sen Sharmas story was well written and well brought out. Must watch, sadly jaideep and another story turned out boring. Konkana is a powerhouse and shefali too. Mesmerizing


Myaaao.
ANGANA BHUNYA


Every story is just so perfect here. Casting on point. Every one has done a fantastic job 👌.


Myaaao.
Abhinav Agarwal


One of the worst movies ever , these kind of movies destroy the fabric of the society by showing violence against and by children , lecherous men and women , why do you want to inspire crime in society by creating such horrific and dark tales , sorry , such content is not acceptable at all , pleaase remove Khilauna in particular , it is extremely disgusting , extremely disgusting
Myaaao.


goldy singh


The best so far I have seen in 2021 all four stories are awesome and every character has done great job just awesome 👏 
Must watch
Myaaao.


MD


Very well writes stories- much more profound than the usual Bollywood fairy love stories. More real and gripping- keep this coming!
Myaaao.


Jeneve Vinolia


Out of the four unexpected plots, Ankahi was the most touching story. Though the protagonist says only few sentences aloud, the actions speaks much heavier.  Heartfelt
5star for Ankahi


Myaaao.
debbrata mondal


Each plot threads an interesting potion of love, hate, betrayal and suspense. The directors kept few untold pieces for the viewer to decide and it is quite intriguing.
Myaaao.


Deepika Sharma


No words to say.. 👍👍👍 Amazing stories, amazing characters and songs are too good. 'Mera mann uhi' in second story 'khilonaa' it's so beautiful.❤️❤️❤️


Myaaao.
Budhha23 (sheetu)


superb... speechless...
those people who are reviewing it negatively... perhaps don't feel like that... don't have that fine taste and sensitivity... people with such sensitive mind creates history


Myaaao.
Rashi Jain


Amazing! The last story especially touched my heart. The entire movie is too good a must watch.
Myaaao.


Shyam Kali


Superb ..... Last story is one of the quite plot I have ever seen but it is all true that it was most beautiful one .
Myaaao.


Mahika Kashyap


I loved all the stories, some more than the other and some made more sense in the real world than the others but I would totally suggest evryone to watch it just for the third story Gili Puchi
Myaaao.


Reshma Ms


Must watch filim.


I like it very much...superb acting of each actors and the stories are very nice and worth watching


Myaaao.
Israt Mahzabin (Parama)


It's a "so so" movie. But not a BAD movie. At least one will not get bored by watching it but will not be astonished by it also. 
HAPPY WATCHING :)
Myaaao.


Parth Desai


Bollywood is truly evolved 🙌. This is what India need. Education through movies can be really helpful and more and movies like such should be composed.
Myaaao.


Indrani Das


The last 2 stories are definitely worth a watch. Wish we could see more of Shefali Shah Konkona in the ott platform
Myaaao.


Usama Ahmad


How and why on earth you showed a baby put into pressure cooker
I have never seen such brutality in my 35 years of movie history.
I mean what a diabolical concept 
Shame to director and producer and writer


Myaaao.
Javed Khan


I just love this movie and every story has its own sense. Everyone did a great work, recommended.
Myaaao.


Malay Sharma


Last two stories was phenomenal. 
I became a huge fan of Manav Kaul.. he is my favorite actor now.


Myaaao.
Jitendra Tekwani


Superb direction... all 4 stories... amazing acting of all actors... 
Loves it... must see.. if u r fond of short movies


Myaaao.
Hari Krishnan


One of the finest film I've seen recently.... You have to be more matured and accepting to understand the stories presented.... ❤


Myaaao.
Savio Dsouza


Loved 1, 2 and the third episode.. brilliant .. episode 2 ending was kinda dark and mobid .. good to see indian television moving away from saas and bahu series


Myaaao.
alefia delhiwala


Was moved by the plot and the strong acting of the cast. Incredibly good stuff from Netflix. Must watch!
Myaaao.


Shalu Gusain


All the stories were good. But one of the stories where the baby had been kept in cooker. I strongly disagree with that idea.
Myaaao.


Tanisha Ann Verghese


The last short was amazing. Heartwrenchingly beautiful acting, especially by Vivek Gomber.  A great watch.




Hassan Ahmad Khan


A beautiful film with unique and fresh story lines. Definitely a thought provoking film. Must watch!!!




I am super crazy


3  stars for konkona-aditi and shefali-manav stories.
Nushrat one is weird and yuck. Though her acting was superb along with Abhishek.
Jaideep and sana's story was not good either.


Myaaao.
jasleen kaur


I just loved movie. 4 stories, best actors, could feel all emotions. OMG, beautiful work!


Myaaao.
manish kohli


What a movie (Ajeeb DAASTAANS) mind-blowing 
nushrat's acting is awesome 🔥, I'm huge fan of you 😍, four different different stories ,exllent work
Myaaao.


Duriya Dhinojwala


Looks like Indian cinema lost its way on good scripts.  The third story with Sen was plausible but the other stories lack content and no amount of good acting can salvage these cruel stories.
Myaaao.


Vanshika Agrawal


First story is ridiculous. Second is scary. Third one is far better than others and the same goes with fourth story, it's unique.


Myaaao
prachi potdar


Overall okay
Second last episode was good 
But I loved last episode with Shefali and Manav 
Amazing cast, perfect acting and loved the way they express their feelings with sign language
Myaaao.


71_SHARMA VAISHALI GANPAT


Bold enough to recognize and present what's there in society. Characters which are not hero and heroine, common yet unique. Inclusivity, which use to be quite missing in old movies.
Myaaao.


Shruthi S


I stopped watching it after their worst thought in the second story khilauna the worst plot ever thought or at least I have seen..there is a limit to cruelty…story writer and director both have the worst mind set of creating story by worst story line..hatred to this..I like to report this film


Myaaao.
Nitin Suresh


Watched..believe me it is plain horrible and awful to spoil your mood and day..disgusting..I hate censorship but this one really needs to be censored..a little kid killing a new born in gruesome manner..art in its worst form
Myaaao.


V S


Story of Neeraj Ghywan's  Geeli Pucchi is the best one. Konkana and Aditi shown great acting talent.
Myaaao.


Meghana Kulkarni


Well directed. Great acting. Slick editing. Loved the last story the most. Great casting too




Myaaao.
Farah Siraj


This is art !!! The stories ...the acting....the details...the music.... Just beautiful...!!! Loved it a lot.... Each story depicts life  💕


Myaaao.


Sajidur Rahman


Last part Ankahi was great. Manav kaul's expression at the end was masterpiece!! Shefali shah was impressing too.




Myaaao.
Shovon Dip


The storyline of this movie is different but Good. Acting is just superb. Overall good one.


Myaaao.


Ejaz Ahmed


Superb star cast. Excellent sets of stories. Concept and presentation was perfect.




Myaaao.
shilpa bhaskar


All four stories are surprisingly intriguing n well handled...excellent acting by all actors..loved Manas Kaul, Shefali & konkana' s acting


Myaaao.


Aditya Patnaik


its for cheap people ! when you have so much amazing content on Netflix, who would watch this cheap show ? What more can you expect from a looser like KjO
Myaaao.


sarang kulkarni


Each story has its own beauty and suspense. A must watch movie. Last story 'unkahi' just touched my heart.


Myaaao.
Ninad Ardalkar


I really wasn't expecting these kind of thinking from the makers really; they really showed the untold & most sensitive things in a different manner especially the last chapter....
Myaaao.


Swarnima Jha


Very interesting and the point of view of every character in a short telling is captured perfectly, the plot twist is mind boggling
Myaaao.


Geetanjali Bhattacharjee


Part 2 of the film is very disturbing and horrific. Who encourages such scenes to be shown in a film. Highly shameful
Myaaao.


Neeraj Paliwal


All 4 stories are engaging, gripping with a subtle message. Performances are top notch, highly recommended


Myaaao
Bhuvaneshwari Poothurai


I loved all the four stories and enjoyed the next level of Indian cinema. We will soon reach the level of Hollywood movies


Myaaao
Aditya Kushwaha


Four Short but meaningful stories. I personally liked 2nd & 3rd. And that one scene, OMG 😱


Myaaao
Aniketh Venkataram


There should be a zero rating for nonsense like this. I am an open minded movie viewer who is against censorship normally, but movies like this prove me wrong
Myaaao.


Vivek Sharma


Cinema people can't fall more than this. It's not a film, series or short film. It's pure perversion. 
Worst phase of cinema. 
Pathetic
Myaaao.


sukalpa6t datta


You have better movies/series to watch...This is horrible especially the second story..Indeed it pissed me off to such extent that I stopped watching this..Dont waste your time and energy in this..
Myaaao.


Akshay Kumar


This is absolutely a brilliant masterpiece of emotions and deep meanings of life. I think such series are made once a year.
Myaaao


GAURAV VASHISHTHA


In this movies telling many kinda circumstances , problems & situations...  Jst ok not so gud ! A simple movie , & Presently trend of in parts , mean 3,4 stories combined .
Myaaao.


Saira Banu


Watching the Four stories shook me to the core we expect happy endings atleast in the movies but this movie shown the reality of todays worlds
Myaaao


JAIN ARCHI


Hated it .I don't know why always they try to show something what is far from reality. They try to bring rage through there content while reality is something different
Myaaao.


lavanya pragada


The movie is very good,
All the four stories are good,
The 2nd one khilauna is little disturbing and I didn't understand the logic behind killing
However,overall especially the 4th story is awesome 
Worth watching
Myaaao.


Nafisha Yasmin


Part 2 of the movie Khilauna was too disturbingly explicit. I couldn't breathe after that one horrific scene. I feel traumatised.
Myaaao.


Devika Mudaliar


Each story is different and interesting, the last one is my favourite, I could watch it again few times.
Myaaao


Acharyya Souvik


I just can't get through all the reviews down below , its simply an awesome one from 'N' !!


Myaaao
MAYANK JAIN


I just love this series. Every story is unique and awsm


Myaaao
Bharti Korde


All 4 Stories are amazing but the last 2 are honestly hard teaching, emotional, Relatable and understanding (And other thing is that we should have lgbtq movies ,series etc Bollywood)
Myaaao


nikhil rocky


Only first story is good. 2nd one is avg. 3rd and 4th are worst rodd. So better watch first two and close😊


Myaaao
Nisarg Sheth


these 3 stars are for Ankahi, the Finial Short film. The Only part of this movie that has some real good content.


Myaaao
sandeep lanjewar


Kindly stories. Specially the last two ones are really touching and gut punching at the same time.
Myaaao


Shyam


Very well done... 
All victims are exploiters 
All exploiters are victims 
Welcome to the world of man made humanity.


Myaaao
Kashish Khandelwal


Twisted and Dark! Something that can leave you with an open-ended question and with a heavy pile of emotion too.
Myaaao


Nandana Sohal


Go and watch this movie only and only for konkana sen.... what an amazing actor she is ? Wonderful!!!!!
Myaaao


Sudha Gautam


Such a beautiful movie. I think everyone should watch this movie.


Myaaao
ARYAN Dabas


Osm movie loved it superb content shefali shah is jem osm acting and she is fabulous and beautiful


Myaaao
Shibasish Chatterjee


Must watch movie.  All actors and actresses are unique in their role.


Myaaao
D J


Very well directed. Beautifully portrayed. 
Tight script. Great.
Myaaao


Vinita Jain


First one the revenge story n the third one ( Konkona n aditi ) were the best.... Some thing gud from kjo's production house.... surprised...


Myaaao
Sayali Shilewant


I liked the mast story. Manav Kaul has been so charming.


Myaaao
Ritu Francis


The power packed actors with the Great performance! 4 movies in 1👍👍👍👍 (4*) 
Liked it


Myaaao
Yszeeyan albums


All the things shown in movies,god knows where the things are practiced. These stuffs are just putting bad and dirty scenes in our mind.
Myaaao.


Engineering Ideas


ALL THE STORIES ARE VERY WELL SCRIPTED AND DIRIECTED.
ITS A VISUAL TREAT TO WATCH AJEEB DASTANTS.


Myaaao
Farhan M S


Waste of time
Watch it with your own risk
Bollywood still in danger zone
That much awkward films which doesnt deserve a Single star
Myaaao.


priya galipothu


Each story is so interesting,  loved the twists.  Good to watch.
Myaaao


Sanchita Das


Very engaging stories and twisted endings. Awesome, a must watch 👍


Myaaao
Anand Jadhav


One star minus for only one voilent story which was not required and which spoiled entire harmony of the anthology.. rest 3 stories are enough sensible


Myaaao
Vrushti Joshi


Sucha beautiful and different 5 stories. Loved each one.
Myaaao


RATAN PANGE


It's like a breeze on a hot suffer afternoon
Top class cinema,all characters acted the way the story was made for them,only thing I couldn't understand was who killed the child.


Myaaao
Deepali Pote


Loved all fours stories and leads too... something thoughtful after a long gap...


Myaaao
vaibhav kumar


Everything on Netflix is becoming more and more anti brahmins, this is how Chinese and Saudi money is spent on India for propaganda to keep India disunited and remain a weak country.
Myaaao


deepak patel


Amazing... Something which tells you how dark our life is..  how dark people are.. just give it a try..


Myaaao
Aravind smile


Amazing emotions and 4 different short films. All the characters, amazing job done..... 🙏🙏👍👍👍👍


Myaaao
Harshi Nirmalkar


Nice and unique concept... Very Realistic... Great performance...
Myaaao


CA Rahul Sharma


All four stories have a good plot, good actors, good acting, and good direction.
Overall it's a good movie.


Myaaao
David Draiman


Watchable anthology. Liked the last two. Geeli pucchi stands out for it's context and performances.


Myaaao
anurag singh


Literally waste of time ... tvf aspirants 1 episode is better then the whole movies....nothing is ajeeb in ajeeb daastan everything is quite normal and predictable as all  bollywood movies...
Myaaao.


Cheenu _


great but didn't like the ending of any story. most surprising was second story -the pressure cooker ending, her lil sis binny ws criminal🥶
Myaaao


ISHITA DAS


I loved this!! There are so many twists.
Myaaao


Alan Rodriguez


Speaking mostly for the last story. It was the only story that made me emotional in a long time.


Myaaao
Asmi C


Only liked Geeli Puchi by Kankana and Aditi. That was the best story other stories you can skipped
Myaaao


Bhakti Kate


Worth watching, a beautiful mixture of 4 independent stories
Loved watching this movie👌❤😊.


Myaaao
A P


BORING ... One star is for unkahi. Nice story... Different....Good acting....But could have been better....
Myaaao.


Nitin kumar Singh


Good work done by the writers. 


Konkona is a class apart !!
Myaaao


Irfan zaman


excellent movie...brilliant direction and acting . really love it....


Myaaao
Devaang Savla


Excellent directions and stories! Must watch
Myaaao


Alex Mendes


Superb movie... Bollywood is jus improving.. m glad


Myaaao
Madan Ahluwalia, Lawyer


Loved it. Social messaging is subtle deep and to the point.


Myaaao
megha routray


5 star only for konkana sen Sharma. The story was brilliant .. 😍


Myaaao
Krishna Mirani


Best acting, best stories, heart touching stories. Amazing!




gourab mohanty


Superb... outstanding.. mind-blowing...just Wow.. I Loved It..




True Solutions


Only men's insulting. Don't see any men and good women this kind movie.


Myaaao
Shilpi Sankhawar


Stunning stories, full of suspense and it will challenge your readily preceived idea of society.


Myaaao
Darla D


Very disturbing movie . Beyond dark and twisted . Worst movie I’ve ever seen . The director should be fired .
Myaaao.


Neha Udeshi


I enjoyed Ankahi..it hit the right chords of emotions... rest all were Ok




Faisal Imran


Showing the dark reality of our society. All 4 movies were beyond awesomeness.


Myaaao
Leela Ramineni


Honestly, ullu has the same story lines. Netflix has done these tropes too many types. Sime sex appeal, shock factor, etc.
Myaaao.


Abhishek Mishra


Each tale has it's own complexity and entangled nature , I just loved it 💕💕


Myaaao
M S


I loved jaydeep and Shefali and Nusrat segment, specially jaydeep's character beings the bitter truth of closeted gay men living under depression, even after 377 gone!
Myaaao


Shalini Sharma


What a great movie.... actors were so amazing and did their job brilliantly...must watch...


Myaaao
monica rai


It’s totally time waste, all the matters shown in the movie are far from fact, abusive and vulgar language has done the toppings,


Myaaao
Paradox Everafter


It's all about uncanny circumstances and it's hell lot of fun to watch...


Myaaao
Shivani Mishra


Total waste of time and money... No sense lf watching it.... One of the sensless movies
Myaaao


shilpi jain


After watching trailer I was very excited to watch this series but I was little bit disappointed with the ending of the 1st 2nd and 3rd story, only konkena story is worth watching and the ending was satisfied
Myaaao


Monojit Hazra


Four small stories of new look.... About various fractured relationships of different angles..... Very Enjoyable


Myaaao
Barnali Dhar


Excellent stories. Especially the last one "ankahi" touched my heart.


Myaaao
Tauseef Ahmed


Manav Kaul and Shefali Shah were best.
    Loved there performance.


Myaaao
Shiwangi Sinha


Headache it was. Couldn't watch the last story.i really wish if all 4 stories could have been interlinked
Myaaao.


Pooja Verma


Different from as I expected. Enjoyed watching the movie after a long time
Myaaao


Aneesh Mn


Highly recommended. The last two stories are incredible.. 👍👍👍
Myaaao


Kannan Krishnan


Manav nalied it. And the 4 stories are quite awesome


Myaaao
Dharani Moorthy Giribalaaji


4 different stories each with different plot concepts and twists. Worth a watch.!
Myaaao


Tushar Dhoran


Its good watch go for it guys..good act good direction good screenplay overall a must watch movie..
Myaaao


Greg St Claire


Very good. A slice of life as a lower class
Myaaao


Dharmendu Rout


Very poor content and it reflects the poor state of mind of story writer and director.Don't waste time by watching this.
Myaaao


indira banerjee


Superb stories... Loved all the plots...


Myaaao
Rinki Arora


KJo is back with another hopeless story, cringey by all means. 0/5 but that isn't there
Myaaao.


Baskar M


Had high expectations. But in the end, it turned out to be a waste of time.


Myaaao
Mirza Noman


I think i have waisted my best 2 hours of my life to watch this film 🤔


Myaaao
Ruchi Singh


Good acting by everyone, strong emotions , good content .. thought provoking .. very real
Myaaao


Sanjay Sharma


Fantastic content!
Great films!!


Myaaao
Harsha Korasala


Netflix , just because you need content , don't create it. 
2 stars only for Geeli Pucchi
Myaaao.


Sabita Pathak


Great stories. Keeps you on your toes. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻


Myaaao.


Usha Bhovan


If you’ve really not got much else to do, then watch. The stories just don’t go anywhere.
Myaaao.